QSTH-325 Qstash Changelog July (#226)
upstash/docs: qstash/overall/changelog.mdx

title: Changelog
---

### July 2024

- Big update on the UI, where all the Rest functinality exposed in the Console.
- Addded order query parameter to [/v2/events](https://upstash.com/docs/qstash/api/events/list) and [/v2/dlq](https://upstash.com/docs/qstash/api/dlq/listMessages) endpoints.
- Added [ability to configure](https://upstash.com/docs/qstash/features/callbacks#configuring-callbacks) callbacks(/failure_callbacks)

> - A critical for schedule pause and resume Rest API where the endpoints where not working at all before the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A critical fix for schedule pause and resume Rest APIs where the endpoints were not working at all before the fix.
```
?
